feat(mvux): Added Advanced page 🚧 (#1398)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Overview/Mvux/Advanced/InspectGeneratedCode.md

---
uid: Overview.Mvux.Advanced.InspectGeneratedCode
---

# Inspecting the generated code

> 

Reviewer: Provide an intro for why this is something you might wnat to do?

Viewing the generated code can be achieved in several ways:

1. Placing the cursor on the class name and hitting <kbd>F12</kbd>:

    ![](../Assets/InspectingGeneratedCode-1.gif)

1. Hitting <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>T</kbd> and typing in the Bindable type name:

    ![](../Assets/InspectingGeneratedCode-2.gif)

1. Another way which can also be used to inspect all code generated by MVUX and even other code generators, is by navigating to the project's analyzers.

>     1. Expand the shared project's *Dependencies* object

Reviewer: This doesn't exist anymore - should be the class library

---
uid: Overview.Mvux.Advanced.InspectGeneratedCode
---

# Inspecting the generated code

MVUX makes extensive use of code generation. It's used to generate Bindable Proxy Models and entities and commands.  

> Inspecting the generated code can give you a lot of insight into how the Bindable Proxies work under the hood and can also improve your knowledge about MVUX operates behind the scenes and familiarize yourself with its internals.

Reviewer 2: Are "Bindable Proxies" the same as "Bindable Proxy Models" (from the previous sentence)?
Why different terms? WIll the reader know the difference (or that they're the same)?

This sentence reads like it should be at least two (maybe three) separate ones. 

Is there a missing **how** in the middle of "knowledge about MVUX operates"?

Is "and familiarize yourself with its internals." needed? I'm not clear about what this is trying to add.

Viewing the generated code can be achieved in several ways:

> 1. Placing the cursor on the class name and hitting <kbd>F12</kbd>:

Reviewer 2: Do the following shortcuts assume using standard keybindings and running inside Visual Studio?  
Does this need to be made clear?  
What about people using VSCode? (or another editor?)

> Viewing the generated code can be achieved in several ways:
> 
> 1. Placing the cursor on the class name and hitting <kbd>F12</kbd>:

Author: ```suggestion
Using Visual Studio, viewing the generated code can be achieved in several ways:

1. Placing the cursor on the class name and hitting <kbd>F12</kbd>:
```

    ![Demonstration of hitting F12 in Visual Studio to see generated code](../Assets/InspectingGeneratedCode-1.gif)

1. Hitting <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>T</kbd> and typing in the Bindable type name:

    ![Demonstration of hitting Control T in Visual Studio to see generated code](../Assets/InspectingGeneratedCode-2.gif)

> 1. Another way that can also be used to inspect all code generated by MVUX and even other code generators, is by navigating to the project's analyzers.

Reviewer 2: Does this need "Another way that..." given that this is a list of ways of "achieving" the viewing of the generated code?

Author: ```suggestion
1. By navigating to the project's analyzers:

    This method can also be used to inspect all code generated by MVUX and even other code generators.
```
